                   . .. ... The Medievia ... .. .
 
            _|         _|  _|_|_|_  _|       _|  _|_|_|_|_|
           _| _|      _|  _|       _|       _|  _|
          _|   _|    _|  _|_|_|   _|       _|  _|_|_|_|_|   
         _|     _|  _|  _|       _|  _    _|          _|    
        _|       _|_|  _|       _| _| _| _|          _|       
       _|         _|  _|_|_|_| _|_|    _|   _|_|_|_|_|              
                                             Updated January 18, 1996
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The MUDSLINGER now has a trading section.  Just buy a paper and look 
trading.  It lists 100 MAJOR needs across the world.  It is sorted from top 
down.  The sort is from 0 to 100 of items INSTOCK.  Only 12 needs from each 
local market are shown.  So it shows 100 major needs but not more then 12 
from any one market sorted highest top to least bottom though all 100 would 
be very major needs.  It gives where the need is, what it is, how much of 
that item they have, how much it costs to buy it and what you can sell it 
for there.  I want to remind all that this whole economy IS player driven.  
It is an amazing thing.  You will see that the major needs almost always 
represent something that is produced VERY far away from where the need is.  
Some shops like the artic one can only be gotten to by horse and is very 
very far away.  You can, as you see, make 1-100 million sometimes with a 
wagon full of stuff.  The adventures you will happen upon during your 
travels will be worthy of re-telling.

THE IDEA IS TO travel with your goods a long way from point a to b, 
adventuring along the way and entering the zones you may happen upon for 
more adventure and equipment.  You should always have a plan.  Point A to 
point B.  If you meet someone along the way going the same way...you form 
up.  Just like real travelers.  Some plans may take you a few days or even 
a week, spanning many sessions.  If you tire you can just LINK to medlink 
and chill a while....or even pop back and forth.  PLEASE KEEP IN MIND this 
whole plan relies on MANY MANY people playing for max fun.   Playtesting 
can be lonely.

YOU CAN NOW use the get or take command to take someones abandoned wagon 
and pack mule etc.  You may also take or get stuff from inside them and put 
in yours.
