                   . .. ... The Medievia ... .. .
 
            _|         _|  _|_|_|_  _|       _|  _|_|_|_|_|
           _| _|      _|  _|       _|       _|  _|
          _|   _|    _|  _|_|_|   _|       _|  _|_|_|_|_|   
         _|     _|  _|  _|       _|  _    _|          _|    
        _|       _|_|  _|       _| _| _| _|          _|       
       _|         _|  _|_|_|_| _|_|    _|   _|_|_|_|_|              
                                             Updated January 13, 1996
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CHANGES:  Mounts now save.  Type help mounts.  

FIXES:  To many to mention at this point.

COMING SOON:  Flying mounts will only be dragons.  A far off island is full
of dragons that have been here for ages.  They have HOARDES of gold.  The
evil ones get the gold by pilliging and stealing... YOU WILL MEET THESE SOON
:)   The good ones get the gold by bartering FLIGHT for gold.  You will have
the ability to CALL a good dragon and for the right price you may mount it. 
If you WALK (dragons dont walk well) the moves go down REAL FAST.  If you
fly they go down as usual.  When the moves run out..the dragon leaves.  You
can increase his moves while mounted by giving him more gold.  It will be
expensive.  If you are flying and the moves runs out he lands, pops you off
and flies away to count his gold.  If you are attacked by a bad evil dragon
you MAY call a good one (IF YOUR GOOD) and for a price it will attempt to
scare the evil one off.  All of medievia is haunted by these attacks.  It is
rumored the newly opened catacombs may be the source of the new founded
dragon population.  Trading will become important.  The good dragons are
said to be under Vryce's influence.  Vryce, trying desperately to prop up
the struggling economy has asked the good dragons to do these deeds for
gold, thereby forcing citizens to get goods moved across the dangerous lands
and securing medievia's prosperity.  Trading can get you a lot of gold  and
you may need it!   BTW: The above whole dragon proposal is not finalized. 
It was dreamed up by Vryce and has not gone through debate channels yet.  If
you approve let the gods know.  Point is we want people to trade.  Trading
over time as we balance things and get mobs all over the wilderness will
become very important and fun.  Tracking the REAL player driven supply and
demand economy will be as fun as talking about stats.  SOON the mudslinger
will have a REALTIME trading section saying what area needs what goods the
most, therefor paying much more for them.
