                   . .. ... The Medievia ... .. .
 
            _|         _|  _|_|_|_  _|       _|  _|_|_|_|_|
           _| _|      _|  _|       _|       _|  _|
          _|   _|    _|  _|_|_|   _|       _|  _|_|_|_|_|   
         _|     _|  _|  _|       _|  _    _|          _|    
        _|       _|_|  _|       _| _| _| _|          _|       
       _|         _|  _|_|_|_| _|_|    _|   _|_|_|_|_|              
                                             Updated January 17, 1996
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Please, when using the bug,idea,typo commands...PLEASE tell us what you are 
talking about.  If what you want to say is more then about 80 characters 
just email us...or me  mkrause@netaxs.com  

Playtesting on medievia iv is a big deal.  We need your input very badly 
but we need it in a usable form.  The bug file was almost unusable.  If 
there is a bug state what it is and how to duplicate it.  If there is a 
typo dont say,  SHIT is spelled wrong...where the hell is the SHIT spelled 
wrong at?  Is it in code, on a room...a mob?  If you have an idea, spend a 
moment and think about a clear and concise way of entering it in using the 
idea command or via email...

The BUG, TYPO and IDEA commands are key for playtesters.  Email and using 
the discussion channel with gods is even more important.  

When you have a bunch of things on your mind about medievia iv, the good 
the bad and the ugly, PLEASE email mkrause@netaxs.com or see me and or 
Shalafi online.  We cant put time aside for every little thing as we are of 
course very busy developing but when you have formed some opinions and have 
a bunch of ideas and you think a good 5-20 minute session with one of us 
would be to out benefit...let us know.  

Thanks to all the people putting in REAL play test time.  To those who do 
not want to help us please ask to be removed so we may get some more 
enthusiastic people on.  I would like to only have playtesters who will 
TEST 2-4 hours a day MINIMUM.  Testing means even testing stupid stuff that 
would of course work but may not.  Stuff that may crash the game.  
PLEASE PLEASE try and crash the game.  I do not know if the code is near rock 
solid or if it is just not being tested very well.

Thanks,
Vryce

